Data Engineering with MS Azure Synapse Apache Spark Pools Week 2 | Test prep Quiz Answers
 

Test prep Quiz Answers
Question 1)
The Azure Synapse Apache Spark to Synapse SQL connector is designed to efficiently transfer data between which of the following?

Serverless Apache Spark pools and Dedicated SQL pools in Azure Synapse
Dedicated Apache Spark pools and Serverless SQL pools in Azure Synapse
Serverless Apache Spark pools and Serverless SQL pools in Azure Synapse
Question 2)
You need to develop and execute transformation pipelines within the Azure Synapse Studio notebook experience. Which three of the following languages will help you in your task?

Scala
Python
JSON
SparkSQL
Question 3)
Which two of the following prerequisites are necessary to successfully authenticate an account between two different systems?

The account used needs to be a member of the Storage Blob Data Contributor role on the default storage account.
The account used needs to be a member of Storage Blob Data Contributor role in the database or SQL pool from which you to transfer data to or from.
The account used needs to be a member of the db_exporter role on the default storage account.
The account used needs to be a member of db_exporter role in the database or SQL pool from which you to transfer data to or from.
Question 4)
In which of the following scenarios are you less likely to require import statements when transferring data between a dedicate SQL and Apache Spark pool?

When relying on the use of token-based authentication.
When using the Apache Spark PySpark connector.
When using the Azure integrated notebook experience.
Question 5)
Which of the following SQL pools can you use to efficiently transfer data between the Apache Spark cluster and the Azure Synapse SQL instance with the Azure Synapse Apache Spark pool to Synapse SQL connector?

Azure Data Lake Storage Generation 2 and XML
Azure Data Lake Storage Generation 2 and JSON
Azure Data Lake Storage Generation 2 and PolyBase
Question 6)
You need to transfer data to a dedicated SQL pool outside of the Azure Synapse Analytics workspace. Which form of Authentication can you use to complete this task?

Azure AD only
Azure AD and SQL Authentication
SQL Authentication Only
None of the above
Question 7)
Which one of the following languages does the Azure Synapse Apache Spark to Synapse SQL connector use?

Python
.Net
SQL
Scala
Question 8)
You have created a table in a dedicated SQL pool with the Write API. Which one of the following resources can you use to load data into the table?

JSON
ORC
Polybase
Parquet
Question 9)
Which two of the following Azure Synapse Studio tabs can you use to access the Apache Spark history server?

Manage
Develop
Data
Monitor
Question 10)
Which three of the following actions occur within existing nodes when you scale down Apache Spark pools?

Nodes to be scaled down will be put in a decommissioned state.
Nodes to be scaled down will be shut down immediately regardless of current state.
Pending jobs will be in a waiting state and scheduled for execution on fewer nodes.
Jobs that are still running will continue to run and finish.
Pending jobs will be lost.
